Diocese of Joliet Report


Team Name: What is your team’s name? (1 point)

Team Members: List your team members (1 point)

Project Title: Specify your project title (1 point)


Project Pitch: Short description of your project (3 points)


Major Achievements: What were the major things you achieved? (3 points)


Prior Work: Identify competing projects that seek to accomplish similar things. Include links or citations 
            that refer to them (2 points)


Specification: Describe overarching details such as application type (mobile, web, desktop, etc.) language, 
                framework, operating system, code management, and testing practices. (5 points) 


Deployment: Clear instructions are provided on how to install the app. (5 points)


Instructions: Clear instructions are provided on how to use the app (5 points)


Feature Implementation: Choose four of the app's most important features and explain how they were implemented
                         with code excerpts and screenshots. (20 points)


Future Work: 
    What did not get done that you had planned to accomplish, and what could be done in the future to 
    improve the project (5 points)

    How have you applied lessons from previous coursework to create the deliverables for your current 
    project? Explain (3 points)

    How have your experiences in this course affected your attitudes toward your studies and your career
     path? Explain (3 points)

    How do you anticipate applying the lessons you've learned in this course in your future career?
     Explain (3 points)



Altogether, the report is worth 60 points. The actual tool you created is worth another 50 points and will be graded 
based on functionality (i.e. do the required features work), user interface (i.e. is it easy to use), reliability and 
robustness (is it buggy or does it work well), and code quality. Each of those are worth 10 points, so the app is worth 
40 points in total. The app plus report are worth a total of 100 points, and that is how your grade will be determined.


I will hold this in "escrow" so that when it comes time for you to apply for CPSC 49200, we'll talk and make sure you
 get enrolled in a section where you can use this as the basis of your grade.